From: Studio Gines <info@studiogines.it>

To: Fracturer@outlook.com

# OFFICIAL WINNING NOTIFICATION.
OFFICIAL NOTICE
FROM THE PRESIDENT'S SEAT
The EuroMillions LOTTERY PROMOTION PRIZE AWARD

                                          OFFICIAL WINNING NOTIFICATION

Dear lucky winner,

We would like to inform you that the Unclaimed Prize Money Office in Greece has appointed our law firm as legal counsel to process and pay out prizes placed on your behalf that have not been claimed for more than two years. The total amount to which you are entitled is currently €1,906,315.00 while the original prize money was €1,250,220.10.

This sum has now been invested profitably for more than two years;therefore, it increased to the above sum. According to the Office of Unclaimed Prize Funds, this money has been deposited by the lottery company on your behalf and insured on your behalf. Moreover, you were awarded the money after a Christmas lottery draw. The coupons were bought by an investment company. The lottery company believes they sent you information about this money in writing but unfortunately no one contacted our office within the allotted time.

All participants were identified by name and email address using a random computer system from worldwide websites and all names and emails were extracted from over 100,000 names and emails of philanthropists, corporations, airlines, insurance companies, shareholders, hospitals and humanitarian organizations around the world.

For this reason, the money was put into administration. According to Greek law, existing prices must be reviewed every two years. If the beneficiary is unable to attend, the profit will be reinvested for a further two years via an investment company. This is why we have been instructed by the Unclaimed Prizes Office to send you this email notifying you of this unclaimed money to date.

The bank has successfully converted the prize money and it has been encrypted in an ATM card and the ATM card has been programmed by the issuing bank.

Be duly informed that the issuing bank has packaged the ATM card with secret code and registered it with UNIQUE EXPRESS SECURITY AND DELIVERY COMPANY to deliver it to you and your personal Identification number is 593 and YOU HAVE TO FORWARD IT TO THE DELIVERY COMPANY FOR IDENTIFICATION.

According to the approval of your ATM card by the ATM Center of the issuing bank, the maximum amount sign for you to be withdrawing is a sum of €3,000 Euros only daily until you withdraw all your total funds credited in your ATM Card account (which is €1,906,315.00).

Contact the delivery company's agent in charge of your ATM Card for the shipment via the details below:

UNIQUE EXPRESS SECURITY AND DELIVERY COMPANY MANAGER NAME:  MR. ANDREW PAUL PRIVATE E-MAIL :  andrewpaul.office@gmail.com

You are advice to also provide him your full contact details as stated below:

1. Your full name:
2. Contact Address:
3. Private telephone number:
4. Sex:
5. Age:
6. Occupation:
7. Country Of Origin:
8. Identification number:

NOTE: THIS LOTTERY PRIZE IS NOT LIMITED TO ONLY PEOPLE BASED IN EUROPE BUT FOR EVERYBODY NOTIFIED VIA THIS EMAIL; THEREFORE, CONTACT THE DELIVERY AGENT IMMEDIATELY YOU GET THIS EMAIL.

With best regards,

Jose Perez-Martinez
HEAD, ONLINE LOTTERY DEPARTMENT
The EuroMillions LOTTERY PROMOTION
Copyright © 2022. All rights reserved.
